This mod, currently in Beta, is a complete re-write and re-imagining of my Siege of Dragonspear to Baldur's Gate 2 EE Item Upgrade mod. The reason for the new name is twofold: To be more accurate as to the content of the mod, and to differentiate it as to not cause any confusion between the two. This mod is meant to replace SoDtoBG2IU, as such the former has been retired and will no longer receive any updates. Trollkiller's Item-Spell-Kitpack is not compatible with SoDtoBG2IU, nor are there plans to make it such.

Trollkiller's Item-Spell-Kitpack offers better modularity, which allows for finer granularity of the player's choice of which components they can install and use, and as an added bonus, will also have better compatibility with other mods. The only component that will have a hard dependency on other components within the mod is the upgradeable items component, simply because if the source items to be upgraded are not present within the game, there would be nothing to upgrade, making it completely redundant.

The more importable Siege of Dragonspear items component has been completely re-worked. Several more SoD items are now importable to Baldur's Gate 2:Enhanced Edition, while a few have been removed (not many). Most importantly, the method in which the SoD items are imported into BG2EE has been changed to work in the same manner as the existing importable SoD items. This means that *ONLY* importable items that exist in the Protagonist's inventory when importing an existing BG1-SoD save into a new BG2EE game will show up during your playthrough. This allows for a larger list of importables without having to worry about over-itemization. For those players who don't care about this, there is an optional component to force all of the SoD importables to be present in a BG2EE game. Regardless of which method you prefer, you *MUST* start a new BG2EE game for the SoD importables to show up.

The component to add some items from Icewind Dale into BG1EE and BG2EE has been completely reworked, and now only contains a few of the unique cursed items from IWD. This was done primarily because other mods, such as "Made in Heaven", and "Forgotten Armament" do this, and it was both redundant and caused duplicates, albeit in different spots. But, why add cursed items? I like them, I think they add flavor to the game(s), and I have plans to do something interesting with them in this mod.

The item upgrades from SoD2BG2IU will be completely re-worked, and in a more conservative fashion. There will be very few, if any, of the upgrades from that mod migrated over, and the ones that do make it will be changed in some manner. In hindsight, I went a little overboard with some of the upgrades in SoD2BG2IU and they ended up being overpowered, or not really unique enough for my liking. Also, in taking another hard look at the SoD items, I felt like a most of them are good just as they are and don't really need to be upgraded.

By removal of the IWD items, and limitation of SoD importables to that of the PC's inventory, it opened up the opportunity to add some completely new items via a new component to do just that, and fill in some gaps for what I felt are under-represented categories. Some of these will end up being upgradeable as well. This component will have compatibility with IWD:EE in addition to BG1 and BG2.

The new spells component will be completely re-worked. I plan to use Olvyn's Spell Tool to implement them this time around, as to not take up limited spell slots. I have ideas for a new spell or two to add, and will be removing and changing some of the others. This component will now be completely modular just the the others, so the player doesn't have to install if they don't want to. This was one of the most requested changes for SoD2BG2IU.

As the mod's name suggests, there will also be some new class kits available. The first will be one I previously created as it's own separate mod, the Warden kit for the ranger class, with plans for at least one or two more later on. As with the rest, these will also be optional.
